Write a user script for Wikimedia Commons that AI-assists a human editor to categorize uncategorized files.

The script presents the user, on every File: page, with a multiline textfield and two buttons in a convenient place next to the file. One button reads either "Generate" or "Submit" depending on the script's state, and the other always reads "Next".
At all times, there is a small but clearly visible textlabel beneath the textfield that reads "AI-generated text may be incorrect or unsuitable. You take full responsibility for any action performed."
The "Next" button, when clicked, navigates the same tab to another file, as provided by `Special:RandomInCategory/All media needing categories as of {current year}`.
The "Generate" button, when clicked, first disables itself and displays a throbber. The script then collects the file title and all the wikitext on the filepage (not the file itself nor the structured data), including but not limited to description, author, date, license, alternative versions, and existing categories if any. The script then sends this collected data to an generative AI language system with the instruction to provide categories for the file that are suitable per existing policies and practice on Commons. The specific AI used does not matter, but preferably a FOSS one since Wikimedia is FOSS. The AI should not browse the Internet on its own and instead give a response solely based on its existing model knowledge. The AI should be ready for titles and descriptions that could be in any major language.
Given a response from the AI model, the script populates the resulting categories in the multiline textfield, using the usual WikiMarkup of `[[Category:{name of category}]]`. The "Generate" button now enables and changes to read "Submit", and then the script waits for user input. The user now reviews the result and may freely edit the text of the textfield.
The "Submit" button, when clicked, edits and submits the page, inserting the contents of the textfield at the bottom of the page and then saving. Also, if the page contains a `{{Uncategorized}}` template (including any arguments thereof), it is removed in the same edit. The edit summary reads "Adding categories (AI-assisted)".